# 柯林斯少了个逗号？        
原文地址：[☞ [2018-03-12] 柯林斯少了个逗号？ ](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Wn2Mj-EUNdRRIC9LLtgFoA)          
        
###### https://www.collinsdictionary.com/api        
>**Dictionary API**        
We know our content is world-class. Now we want to see you use it to power imaginative, beautiful and downright useful applications.        
━        
The Collins Dictionary API gives developers access to Collins' flagship monolingual, bilingual and learner’s dictionaries. It allows integration of Collins' definitions, translations, examples phrases, audio pronunciations, and more.        
        
这 examples phrases 是什么东东？读着很是别扭。结合上下文，我觉得 "examples phrases" 应该为 "examples, phrases"。        
- 先去 COCA 搜了下，没有结果        
- 试着 Google 了下 "examples phrases"，结果大多为：        
> - Examples of Phrases and Clauses:        
- Phrases examples        
- ……        
        
倒确实找到一个 examples phrases 例子。        
###### Alexa Skills Kit Certification Tips: Examples Phrases and Sample Utterances        
>As part of your skill’s description, we ask you to provide three Example Phrases for customers teaching them how to interact with your skill.        
        
只有标题里用了 examples phrases ，正文里都是 example phrases ，所以有理由相信是 typo 。        
        
某本书有这样的句子：        
>A statistical table of the selected nouns, giving the number of senses, examples, phrases, idioms and translation equivalents, can be seen in Table 5.4.        
        
        
        
## Want to Read        
**To Define and Inform: An Analysis of Information Provided in Dictionaries Used by Learners of English in China and Denmark**        
>Saihong Li Rasmussen        
Cambridge Scholars Publishing, May 11, 2010 - Foreign Language Study - 395 pages        
        
        
        
-EOF-        
